Q4) What are the different states of a thread, or what is thread lifecycle?
Ans:

	Life-cycle of a Thread(State of thread):
	
	In Java, a thread always exists in any one of the following:
	
	1.New State
	2.Runnable State
	3.Running State 
	4.Blocked State
	5.Dead State
	
	1.New State:
		Whenever a new thread is created, it is always in the new state.
		For a thread in the new state, the code has not been run 
		yet and thus has not begun its execution.
	
	2.Runnable State:
		A thread, that is ready to run is then moved to the runnable state. 
		In the runnable state, the thread may be running or may be ready to run at any given instant of time. 
		It is the duty of the thread scheduler to provide the thread time to run, i.e., moving the thread the running state.
		A program implementing multithreading acquires a fixed slice of time to each individual thread. 
		Each and every thread runs for a short span of time and when that allocated time slice is over, 
		the thread voluntarily gives up the CPU to the other thread, so that the other threads can also run for their slice of time. 
		Whenever such a scenario occurs, all those threads that are willing to run, waiting for their turn to run, lie in the runnable 
		state. In the runnable state, there is a queue where the threads lie.
		
    3.Running: 
    	When the thread gets the CPU, it moves from the runnable to the running state. 
    	Generally, the most common change in the state of a thread is from runnable to running and again back to runnable.
		
	4.Blocked State:
		Whenever a thread is inactive for a span of time (not permanently) then, either the thread is in the 
		blocked state or is in the waiting state.
	
	5.Dead State:
		A thread reaches the termination state because of the following reasons:

When a thread has finished its job, then it exists or terminates normally.
Abnormal termination: It occurs when some unusual events such as an unhandled exception or segmentation fault.
A terminated thread means the thread is no more in the system. In other words, the thread is dead, and there is no way one can 
respawn (active after kill) the dead thread.

		